Hahahaha, oops, it's finally here.
Come hahaha
Grandpa
I know you haven't recovered recently.
Have a drink
I'm here today mainly to ask you a few questions
Don't be silent
I see.
Are you ignoring Ouyang Station for me?
Are you upset?
I've been operating from behind.
Oh, right.
I see. What do you understand?
Fang Shiqiang, you hypocrite
Oh hypocrite
Yes I am a hypocrite yes
About my Yang family
I've been operating from behind.
I am the greatest good person in the world
I am better than Lei Feng
Oh, I see.
That rapist is talking behind my back again.
Did you meet your lover, Chen Meimei?
What happened to Chen Meimei?
Can't Chen Meimei be bought by them?
Ah!
It's not impossible
I'll just say you.
Too simple.
You should have listened to me
Hello girl then I ask you
Why did you hand me over to the Chen family?
Why did you do those things to Ouyang Hong?
Almost got him pregnant
Tell me who said that?
Are you saying these two framed me?